HI.
WE DIDN'T THE SECTION WHERE ARE GOING TO BUILD OUR Snapchat clone.
Really again using firebase in the section but we're not going to focus on what we have learned so far
but we're going to do different things we're going to improve our fire base knowledge for example as
you can see we have this sign in we've controller in which we have email and password.
But this time we have user name as well.
So if I come over here and say cricket Metallica dot com and give car cameras as user name not Kirk
Hamlet but Kirk Hammett and give some random password over here and say sign up it will sign me up and
bring me the feet and as you can see we have the previous snaps over here.
Now if I want to view a snap I can click on it and I can even slight the images so that I can see all
the snaps in one weave controller.
And as you can see we have a time left label over here stating that this has only 23 hours left.
After that these will be deleted from the five year base again.
In the last as you can see we have another time label.
So it says that yep there is still 24 hours to we do this.
So this is what we are going to build.
But let me show you and demonstrate how it works.
So if I choose another image from here and I'm signed in as Kirk Kamath right now.
So let me choose one of the images and say upload it will upload this image to the storage and then
save it into the high your store.
And then I can come over here and click on it to see in another controller.
And now I can not slide this because I I only have one image by the fight upload and not there one.
It won't displayed as a separate post but they will be displayed in the same post.
But if I click on it I can see it's in an image slider.
OK.
So as you can see regrowing to have the logo out and remember user function and everything we had before
about we're going to learn a lot new different things as well.
So we are going to master our five year base knowledge and in the process we are not going to use the
old techniques.
We are going to work with models.
OK we're going to work with struct.
We are going to work with singleton classes for example here is our snap struct and so on.
So that's what we're going to build in this section.
So if you haven't watched these two Graham clone with five your base before I really suggest you go
back and watch it first because I'm not going to focus on what we have learned so far during this section.
So now if you're ready let's get started and build our Snapchat clone.